Boilerplater Files (#119)
spotify/fmt-maven-plugin: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

### Reporting Issues

If you experience or witness unacceptable behavior—or have any other concerns—please report it by contacting us via **fossboard@spotify.com**. All reports will be handled with discretion. In your report please include:

- Your contact information.
- Names (real, nicknames, or pseudonyms) of any individuals involved. If there are additional witnesses, please
include them as well. Your account of what occurred, and if you believe the incident is ongoing. If there is a publicly available record (e.g. a mailing list archive or a public IRC logger), please include a link.
- Any additional information that may be helpful.

After filing a report, a representative will contact you personally, review the incident, follow up with any additional questions, and make a decision as to how to respond. If the person who is harassing you is part of the response team, they will recuse themselves from handling your incident. If the complaint originates from a member of the response team, it will be handled by a different member of the response team. We will respect confidentiality requests for the purpose of protecting victims of abuse.

### Attribution & Acknowledgements

> We all stand on the shoulders of giants across many open source communities.  We'd like to thank the communities and projects that established code of conducts and diversity statements as our inspiration:

Reviewer: I think this looks more natural?

```suggestion
We all stand on the shoulders of giants across many open source communities.  We'd like to thank the communities and projects that established codes of conduct and diversity statements as our inspiration:
```

Reviewer 2: 21M google hits for "codes of conduct", 200K for "code of conducts" so yes. This text comes from https://ghe.spotify.net/foss/repo-files/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, so maybe we can update there as well?

Reviewer: Created a PR for it, @klaraward
